Making Comdey Skits:
To me, happiness is the most precious gift you can give someone. Not only does happiness
strength your immune system, it gives you the power to battle your mind and achieve your
goals. This was the reason I started these comedy skits.
When I finished secondary school, I started to make comedy skits which were not only
intended to make people laugh, but also relatable. They were inspired by my upbringing and 
were common to many people with South Asian descent. This involved planning, acting and
editing the videos to make sure they conveyed my message. I used Instagram as a platform
to post these videos, and gained atleast 600 views. 

I picked up embroidery as a way to relieve stress and relax my mind in between my study
breaks. It became a way for me to disconnect from my surroundings during my breaks, this
then allowed me to power up a lot better when I'd code my projects. 

Cooking:
I've always been an avid baker, but until recently, I've had a growing interest into the
wonders of Indian Curries. With the spicy, rich and flavoursome dishes my mother would 
make, I always wanted to replicate them. India is so diverse, and this is reflected in 
it's cooking. Whether you roast your spices like the North Indians, or add coconut in them
like the South Indians, a different creation is formed!


Google's Sandbox Event:
This initiative was formed to address the talented, yet underrepresented community into
the world of tech. I learnt about Google using AI to transform regular photos into 
masterpieces with a given style of a famous artwork. It was eye-opening to see how
Google adapts it's Google Maps directions to suit the common practices of a country, i.e.
in America, the term "blocks" are used. 

Hack The Valley:
My team created a planner that allows users to input their errands for that day, and
receive an ordered list of the fastest and most efficient way to run those errands. This
was my first hackathon, and it inspired me to continue coding and potentially come to 
a next hackathon with a startup idea!
 
AI: More than Human Exhbition:
From a robot pouring a G&T, to robotic animals that respond to your movements, the 
exhibition reminded me how far we've come with technology. It showed me an amazing 
vision of the future, and what we can expect from it.
